feat(adyen): Added documentation for Magento2 Adyen module version 8 (#440)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/appendices/migration-guides/index.mdx

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

## `2.17.0` -> `2.18.0`

### Magento2 Adyen module update

In this release, we added support for version 8 of Magento2 Adyen module.

> However, the `FRONT_COMMERCE_ADYEN_MAGENTO_MODULE_VERSION` environment variable
> is now required so you have
> [to configure the environment so that it is defined](/docs/advanced/payments/adyen#Add-the-Adyen-client-key-in-the-environment).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a Front-Commerce setup where the module `Magento2/Adyen` is used, [the `FRONT_COMMERCE_ADYEN_MAGENTO_MODULE_VERSION` environment variable
is now required and it must contain the Magento2 module version](/docs/advanced/payments/adyen#Add-the-Adyen-client-key-in-the-environment).
```
